a call for Muslim leaders to act to end
the violence at least 20 members of
rah's family have died she says the
number Rises every day sometimes almost
every hour others are either missing
wounded or lost beneath the rubble her
mother is so traumatized she refused to
talk to us Raha misses her Aunt her
cousins and
neighbors we would see each other all
the time laugh together we were so
close we would do everything together
with my relatives in Gaza we knew we
used to tell each other that one day we
will be martyred who lives will remember
those
days with more than 8,000 killed by
Israel many Palestinians here in Tura
have lost family or relatives in Gaza
Bal is recovering from the shock of
losing 62 extended family members since
October the
7th we wish were there with them we wish
we could do something but we can only
sit here and follow the terrible news
and remain worried about our family and
our land unfortunately there's nothing
we can do Palestinian support groups in
Tura are trying to provide consolation
and also trying to dispel Israeli
propaganda about their relatives and
Gins in general with the world focused
on Israeli captives they say more
attention needs to be paid to thousands
of Palestinians held in Israeli prisons
many without charge
their treatment documented by human
rights groups is a major source of
discontent Israel says it will wipe out
Hamas but Palestinians say the
resistance to an occupation Force goes
beyond one particular
group the key resistance is because of
the alaka mosque our spiritual symbol
Israelis prevent people from praying and
want full control the second reason is
the dire conditions of prisoners and the
threats to ex them then there's the
increase of settlement activities and
the 16-year siege of
Gaza these days many gather at a small
Palestinian community space RAV says she
will grow up to be a doctor and she will
also pick up rocks to resist the
occupation over her home
SJ ist